I'm going to do that.
The lights are going to give me down.
There's not 100% of the data that work.
But it's going to be the request you can give me.
And I will never be able to know whether actually I said what you're telling you,
whether some telephone and the Russian kept it from your ears.
So you thought you put that on what you thought I shouldn't say,
or might have said against it.
It's only a five-year-old telling me what I have down here.
You said, sir, I can't say that perhaps a word was left out.
I see everything you have down I thought.
You're not sure that you can help us down here.
We can get an agency, just to find.
I'm really sure.
Oh well, I'm with all the black ground to be right.
And you go ahead and read what I said.
Now I have no idea.
Thank you, sir.
21 February 54, 640.
There's eight points out of there.
Car on month.
Eighth on month.
That's PM, shall I?
I will have a round here.
Then into the front line, before the fine credit, you will have to pay you.
But I'll get a fair deal tomorrow.
February 21 640 PM.
And say, I presume that means that the General Dashi is going to be in front of the Car on month.
Can you proceed?
I'll say.
So we're in a lot of statements in this morning's paper about the Pentagon said this,
and the Pentagon said that.
So I issued a brief statement this afternoon.
There is nothing in it other than what you already know.
I said I told Twitter not to appear in New York on Tuesday.
And of course, I said I was not only willing, but would be glad to appear before the committee.
Anytime they wanted me to.
But so far, I had received no official communication.
Joe told me on the phone yesterday I could consider myself a peanut.
He didn't tell me where.
He hung up the phone.
That is still up in the air, but has been issued a statement in New York that the committee will meet in Washington at 1030 on Tuesday.
And that will, that I will be the witness.
I assume that's it, but I don't know.
The reason I am calling you, Carl, you are going up to Valley Forge and so am I.
Shout out to my old friend.
I say, I thought I might not be able to make it on account of this activity.
But I regard it as very important and I have decided to go.
I am going to fly and I would like you to go with me if you want to.
Senator Munn, that would certainly be swell.
Let's say, I don't know how you have planned to go.
Senator Munn, I have planned to leave on the AtoFart plane.
Let's say, now Carl, I am going to leave at 930 from Bowling Field and fly up there and we will have a car wherever we land to take us to Valley Forge.
Senator Munn, what time would that be?
If you want me to mention it, I just want to be sure it is.
I mean, yes, Senator Munn.
What time would you get us there?
Let's say, for one hour at 1130 and we will be there in front of you two times.
It says you're out of time.
Senator Munn, I would like to do that very much.
Let's say, why don't I pick you up?
Senator Munn, what time would you pick me up?
Let's say, I will come by the office.
If we are going to leave from Bowling, I better pick you up around 9 o'clock.
Senator Munn, very good, Bob.
I'll be in my office at 9.
Let's say, I will come and come to your office personally at 9 o'clock.
I ask you know Mr. Rowe, whether you have a microphone or any other telephone call around the instant subject or something related to it, between
the state and the state.
I say, you will bring him Secretary of the Army Steven and the senior senator doesn't sound so close to him much.
I don't believe so, sir.
Let me check.
Now, after all these months, I am very much in hopes if you people who have a new Germanic, you will be able to tell us that you did not bother to tell us how to call for me and learn this back here, sir.
All right, we're going all the way out there and they call us and we need to go on and share.
Those are always too much.
Yes, sir.
I hear you concerned and there's no other time where you're monitoring or listening in the call to keep Secretary out of it and myself.
Secretary Steven, Secretary Steven, for my self-question.
Thank you very much, sir.
Chairman, all I want to know from this young man, is that I'm not a desire to call as a mixed witness Mr. Lucas and I will ask him to change things through them Mr. Rowe's plea.
Mr. Rowe's is in process. Let's return to watch to the oaths of cutting.
Mr. Lucas, please let me know if you have any questions.
Please, please.
Thank you.
I'm going to ask you a question.
I know.
Chairman, I can't commit any questions until we have.
Mr. Calorie, we're fresh without feeling.
How about that?
We have included with the testimony concerning the federal monitoring call.
We'll keep our questions to the members.
Mr. Calorie, do you monitor the call?
Even so, I want to get all of these calls in first.
For all of our other many we have and then we can ask all the questions.
I always want to ask about everything I said.
Monitoring the annals of history of the board department.
Mr. Lannister, Mr. Chairman, I understand that after your third call is in,
that then I will have an opportunity to cross under witnesses in regard to.
Chair is so obligated to operate under the rules of this committee.
We have included with a witness or a bit of testimony.
We go around the interrogatory wheel.
Each senator will have ten minutes if he so desires to ask questions of either one of these three people.
Mr. Chairman, may I say that's all right.
We're not following the rule.
That's why I resisted to asking any questions.
Mr. Rhodes and Mrs. Plank.
I did want to ask one question as a way back.
Let us ask the question now.
I have just a slip from using up any ten minutes.
I really want to know if it's there or whether or not.
When all of your calls have been written directly, then in all the summaries,
plus the witness, Mr. Sir, he has heard your call.
Yes, sir.
Thank you, Mr. Sir.
Please, sir.
We can probably committee your name.
Mr. J. Lopez Jr., Mr. Lucas, you have made a purchase to buy it in these hearings.
I believe several weeks ago.
Yes, sir.
You hold me position at the Pima Goffin.
What is that position, Mr. Lucas?
The Portland Court to the Secretary of the Army.
Do you take dictation?
So, can you exchange the instant taking dictation, Mr. Lucas?
Oh, yes, sir.
I will ask you whether or not from time to time,
you get on the telephone line and monitor certain telephone calls being exchanged
between the Secretary of the Army, Mr. Stevens and other parties,
including the members of this subcommittee.
Is that correct?
Yes, sir.
Say, whether or not Mr. Lucas, owner, on February 24th, 1954,
you take monitor such a telephone call,
and you're passing between the acting chairman of this subcommittee,
the committee senator month and the Secretary of the Army, Mr. Stevens.
Yes, sir.
Do you have an exact copy of that, of your transcription of that call before you, Mr. Lucas?
Is it a verbatim transcription?
No, sir.
In what respects is it not?
As I testified before about another call,
there are some things that I'd love to have here.
I've made marks with that done so.
I would say it substantially accurate.
Why, did you need certain things, Mr. Lucas?
For many possible reasons, I'm picking back since I've asked this private,
maybe I've mentioned some, I don't remember.
They may have gone too fast for me.
There may have been a noise in the room.
Somebody may have come up and started talking to me, even.
Also, they may have overlapped a lot of reasons.
My class made not to get every word.
Did you leave anything out, Mr. Smith?
No, sir.
You did, sir, not Mr. Lucas.
You exert your best efforts to take down in short-hand notes.
All of the conversation facing between the Secretary and the chairman of this subcommittee,
Mr. Smith?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I would argue that it's possibly for greetings, I believe,
is that for something that would be trivial.
Then you do not say that the transcription of this telephone call is a birth of verbatim report
and contains these right-clang wishes of the department to the call.
You do not say that in real detail.
Well, I would say it's not complete.
I had to make up those any words and put them in their mouth or rather,
we'll just allow the facts, Mr. Lucas.
Those are not it's substantially contained.
The conversation facing between Senator Montgomery and Mr. Stevens?
Yes, sir.
And in your opinion, substantially reflects the context of the conversation facing between most and the generalists?
I will ask you to now read and list the chairman's desire to question you further and to share it with you.
Mr. Lucas, as I understand it, you put no words in my mouth and you put no words in the mouth of Secretary Stevens.
Yes, sir.
In the case of one or both, it's conceivable that some of the words we stated, you didn't catch.
And I think you followed this code of ethics that I suggested for the monetary deals and what?
Whereby, you put some dots down when you were unable to get so that you would know that something had been left out, is that right?
Not, not. I've helped out in the fan script here, sir.
The customary five or possibly three dots in a row to indicate that something has left out or something.
It's not complete.
But I believe I, in the other kind of conversation, I thought I made a mark.
Well, I meant was a little mark, an X mark or like an X above the line.
I will do that wherever I can, yes, sir.
And, sir, on the chair, I need fans that wherever you left something out, you either put down some dots or you put them marked.
You never left anything out without making a notation on the transcripts.
That's a, I could not play under oath that I never left anything out without making a mark.
I would attempt to do so.
I may at some time or other have done so.
So you also are going to leave me in this uneasy position that all I will know because of some dots that you made,
that some things were not recorded, may be purchased.
Other things are also not included, I wish I some never learned.
Is that right?
Just to find out with the look, I'm going to let you read whatever you have.
But for the interest of posterity I would like to know, how accurate this business of monitoring is.
And what I'll add to it, sir, but I was so proud of you because you had told me you put dots down and check marks.
And you were my ideal monitor.
And now you let me down and develop you have feet of clay because you say sometimes you put down these dots and you're marked.
But you just fail to be boring about what you said because of me.
Sorry, it let's down first.
That's it, that's it.
That's it.
Sorry to be down.
So you're very honest and first right young man and I want you to be that way and I'm sorry that you didn't write major up to these standards.
But if you don't have the dots in the marks right of Christ, I'll just never know for sure whether what I found out today is really what I said.
Now Senator McClellan wants to make a brief announcement and we're going to recess for a roll call and a constitutional amendment in 10 minutes.
We'll all be back together again.
And then we come to the standard of the roll call vote and to the firm we go with that golden return.
I shall be compelled to leave for the rest of the afternoon, keeping the form that I have down state.
I have to get your plane.
Now may I request that whoever moment that any calls to a firm needs.
These persons, Monday mornings, though that I may be thousands one without a call the way as the regular procedure and the court using my authority on how to send a few estimates on Monday morning.
Or I'll be ready to go to the standard.
Thank you very much.
And I'll be set for 10 minutes.
Committee, having returned from a Senate roll call vote on the constitutional amendment.
We are back in session again.
Mr. Lucas is on the stand.
I think Mr. Lucas I had just in time we've refused the fact that you had done the best you could to record and monitor this form.
Everything that Mr. Stevens said to me and that I said Mr. Stevens.
Some of the time when you didn't get word you put in checks or dots and some of the times when you didn't get word perhaps you didn't indicate at all.
So that being the case all I can do is ask you now to meet this monitoring conversation and wherever you do have checks please indicate the number of them and tell them out of the text and wherever you have got.
And you have to indicate the number of them and of course you are reading and when you have nothing in court you will just keep on reading.
So I have a third.
24 February 1954, 5.33 pm, Secretary Stevens returns call of Senator Munt.
I left out the title in setting up the name of the speakers.
Senator Munt, there's some said you wanted a copy of this memorandum of understanding.
I wondered if you would have an officer come to pick it up.
I will wait until they come.
Secretary Stevens, they will send him right over.
I will put down some dots and indicate something worked out.
In typing I would write down.
So is your sometime of a statement?
How many dots?
Five dots.
So is your sometime of a statement?
Which we agreed not to do.
Actually, I have accomplished what we set out to do and that was to get our fellows treated right by that committee.
Senator Munt, if we can avoid stirring it up by a joke, Secretary Stevens, he is going to get the whole play now and I am going to be in the ash can.
And that isn't too easy to take.
Senator Munt, the point I am trying to make a dash in getting the cards on board is at my copy show.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
I think you will find now we have established a basis of understanding and we will get along a lot better.
Apparently, it has really gotten Joe a lot more than either of the two times you folks came up and talked with the members of the committee without going to him.
Secretary Stevens, of course I did that because of the time elements and I tried to talk to him before I came up.
Senator Munt and the other thing was the one dealing with the shire in matters and two dots that you are not going to three dots.
You treat him like he was anybody's boy now.
Don't pay any attention to us five dots.
Let it all in, sir.
Now, I would like to ask you, Mr. Lucas, whether on any other occasions you have a monitor to any telephone calls between Secretary Stevens and Senator Munt dealing with this general subject now under this case.
No third.
I would like to ask you next whether anybody else in Secretary Stevens' office, the monitor calls or would have monitored any calls or whether we have now heard the entire upward.
That's all there that I have low up.
You know if nobody else is called upon at any time as he is a monitor.
No third.
Do you know, I would like to ask just this question.
I am trying to envision the circumstances under which this monitor takes place.
Do you have headphones and no third.
There is a little gadget on the phone that I can see it will catch on my shoulder when a little rubber handles our feet on.
Yes, I can hold it up there in the only way you go.
Yes, or this one is not entirely rubber, but that's the idea of it.
Do you have any speciality treated and acoustical rooms and get the best possible reception of these recordings?
Do you have a lot of interruption and an ordinary room?
No special rooms there. My desk is just in the room next to the Secretary's own office and no special treatment of it.
There are interruption noises. It's just an office room there.
New thing has been managing phone calls throughout the tenure of Secretary Stevens and I think be feeding his tenure back to the day when Secretary Lewis jumped on the Secretary of the Army.
No, Secretary Johnson was Secretary of defense.
That's correct.
I first listened phone calls during Secretary Royals' time when he was Secretary of the Army.
I was a relief man for the men and men on duty when he was on leave or on Saturday.
So you have been doing this for about how many years?
I believe it's since March of...
I'm not sure of the month, but in 1949, sometimes there either, Secretary or Summer,
close enough that you have any predecessor doing this...
Engaging this profession before you took it up?
Yes, sir. How long have you been doing this?
For many years, sir, I'm not sure whether it was 20 years, but I believe it was about that time maybe longer.
In other words, apparently in the office of the Secretary of the Army, it has been a practice for perhaps 20 years,
including your bestest, to monitor the calls taking place between the Secretary of the Army and members of United States Senate and Congress and private individuals and staff members of the who have a call of justice, except family people and members of the fight.
Yes, sir, in general, I don't know if all the details went on before I was there, of course, but I heard things that didn't seem to be.
I don't know if there was someone doing that, so I had to add all of our critical of view.
And I'm not necessarily critical of anybody. I happen to come from a great part of the country where we have wide open spaces, great confidence in each other,
and keeping towns and listening leaders and the MLEE's job was just never make the sunshine state social rich.
It's not an accepted practice out of South Dakota. It appears to be in the Secretary of the Army's office, and I'm not perhaps seriously critical about it, although frankly I do quite.
The expenditure of the Greater Mount of Public Funds to maintain a battery of three people to monitor phone calls for that nature, but that's something which I can better pursue as a member of the Senate Committee on Appropriations at another time.
I simply do want to point out that I would like to get from you a little additional information from my guidance as the senator now.
As to whether it's also to your knowledge takes place in the office of the other Secretary and the Defense Establishment, so is it something peculiar as to the traditions of the office of the Secretary of the Army?
I have no first-hand knowledge of that, sir. I understand that within the part there are me. There are others who perform this as a function, and I would not be at all surprised here that it's done by senators or other people in the executive branch.
I'm asking you now a question of opinion, and I solicit your guidance, which says you're the only member of the monitoring profession that I know well, and I know you better than the other two, which I have done here more frequently.
And it's not in a critical sense, but I wonder if this is essential, and maybe it is. I'm not prepared to say yes or no to that now.
Wouldn't it be better in your opinion, and wouldn't it be more candid and forthright and honest in your opinion?
If you put a recording machine down there with the proper beats notes, then you'd get all of the information with no dots, no dices, no checks, no omissions, no paraphrasing.
And those who talk with you would also know that for some reason or other when you talk to the Secretary of the Army, you're suspect, so the point at least is that they want to record everything you say.
Don't you think that would be more economical? No, sir, not at all. Because they want to be much more expensive and it will not hurt the, as I understood this, my opinion, sir.
It wouldn't serve the transit for which it's done. The purpose is certainly not in capement, the purpose of all the energy to get the information. I wouldn't have said the purpose. You'd get everything.
Because of the fast moving things, Senator Marks, the business, the office, all that being in your opinion, it moves just as fast as human lips. You'd get it all in there.
Yes, yes, but the information contained on any record that you would make by such a machine wouldn't be available in time that the use that would be, in my opinion, worthless.
How could you transcribe the information from a record that you can transcribe it from your notes? It would require many more people and I think you would undoubtedly miss the point many times, many more times than you will under this system.
I'm not trying to cross these, I'm speaking right because it's a novel experience to me. And I'm not resentful about it. I'm curious about how much money the taxpayers are paying, some moniker conversations of these types and the reason for it.
I'm not going to be a sportsman and whether it is essential we couldn't do it with a beating process which is the automatic and I think time-saving and money things. You think not?
No, sir, because you would spend more time in transcribing on that sort of thing.
When you would, when you tell it on a beat novel experience and I really wish that today I could borrow counsel well to ask my questions because with his electronic ability we could have a lot of fun.
I don't want to take this up, but I've got to suffer along the best I can, but will you tell me this? Why does it take longer to transcribe from a record of conversation than it does from your short-hand notes? That isn't true in my office. They can transcribe from an editable record just as fast as they can from their notes.
That was not my point, sir. A great amount of this information isn't of any value and when it's going over the phone you have no idea of what is or what isn't.
Afterward, if you realize that something happened and something has to be done about it, it may be that during the phone call the bacterial mention he's going to go somewhere now.
Well, the chauffeur is the alert. If you wait and transcribe a mechanical recording and the shift of the bacterial go down to steps and there's no chauffeur, that just went off-hand hypothetical examples.
Well, maybe someday we'll meet under happier circumstances in the appropriations committee room and we can go into this thing in detail. I do appreciate your guidance and your first rightness. I want to be just sure as one final question.
You are completely confident now that we have put in the public records all of the transcriptions that have been recorded between me and Secretary Seats.
Yes, sir. Very well. Then there's Jackson. You have ten minutes. If anybody can ask questions, I'll just witness about my world shattering.
I have no desire to ask any questions about the phone call Mr. Chairman, the substance of them.
I think based on the testimony they call on the record speaks for themselves. I just want to ask this, are you Mr. Lucas?
What you are training and experience and education. Do you feel that you can take down and shure cans the conversations that occur over the phone as fast as they take place?
Especially though I don't think that the claim to be able to take anything that's put down over a cell phone doesn't take place.
No sir, I don't think the first report is alive today to ever take as fast as some people can dish it out.
Let's get it in focus.
I'm rather you'd have no trouble taking my conversation down. I don't believe I would, sir. Very clear.
No, I don't know about that, but I don't talk to fast as what you never mind. I assume Mr. Lucas that you could act as a corporate order and take down testimony in a proceeding.
Yes sir, I have done so in hearings. You have done so in hearings or not congressional hearings, but hearings before or before.
Mr. Lucas, having interrogated you previously some time ago, I presume that the only real entitlement that you might face from time to time would come from the transmission facilities and disruptions.
The conversation was not clear on the phone or if you were disrupting the office, then you would not be able to get every word.
That's precisely the case. Is that really the substance of your position? It was referenced through the times driving him no.
Yes sir. I assume that there has never lived a reporter that has been able to take down and short that everything that has been spent.
That's my belief, sir. I've known some written saying reporters and I know that it's not possible, but I mean always to take everything verbatim.
What you're saying is that reporters are not in a class, corporate reporters are top-notch stenographers, they're not in an insolable class by themselves.
They still belong to human rights. Yes sir.
In other words, all human beings are fallible. They're all capable of committing error.
Yes. Right? And what you're testifying to under oath is an admission that you are capable of committing error.
Yes sir. You feel as a stenographer that you have good talent as it's known in the profession.
The capable are at least equal to some of the best. Yes sir.
I think that's what probably would inform my integrity. I'm trying to get his background.
It's a little bit of a good one but there's no doubt that you're right there, no relation to the more cold taken.
Loving. Thank you.
Senator Simonton.
The chairman, I have decided to place my telephone calls into this record.
I want to say that the time we have to put the message in the round and make calls first.
Well, I would like to ask, I would like to raise my phone and the mechanism out here.
I ask him if he will follow me and I will read the calls to him, like Senator Dirkson did and I'm asking questions.
Well, the only thing we need is an agreement.
All the members of the club are questions that my call to say, why not?
I've decided that I think if I decided to put my calls in the record and I think it's only fair and the interest goes this full policy that all principals put their calls in the record.
I have no question to ask of this witness.
Thank you.
Senator Potter.
I have no question to ask Mr. Lucas.
He's been here before.
He's a man and has a job assigned to him.
But you agree or disagree with the policy of monitoring the phone calls, certainly a policy that Mr. Lucas did and has a job to do.
And I have no question to ask Mr. Lucas.
I would like to have the opportunity to put my phone, my monitor calls and the public record.
Although it seems to me we could consider the regular time as we left Mr. Lucas and his colleagues here face all the fault in the records and then there's any examination of the witnesses then who have done it at the conclusion that we're taking.
A long time to go through the process where we're using them.
I think the general policy, and that would be very nice.
I agree as well, but I think with Senator Monk, the chairman has pointed out that from the standpoint of an orderly record, it would be very difficult to put them all in and then they should be record with jump from one monitor call to another and be no conenuity.
And I think the chairman months the best thing was face up.
Thank you.